tutorials/hybridization/readme.md, before:

# Hybrid Life-Cycle Assessment

## Data Structure

Data is stored on disk in `pickle` format to enable the quick import into functions and methods. The primary directory for dissemination of files is at:

`/srv/data/autumn_school/hybridization`

A script for loading these files to the respective user directory is included with the tutorial notebooks.

## Authors

Michael Weinold \
Chris Mutel

## License

The tutorials are based, in part, on existing notebooks:

| author | affiliation | repository | license |
| ------ | ----------- | -------- | ------- |
| Michael Weinold | [PSI](https://www.psi.ch/en) | [`bw_hybrid`](https://github.com/michaelweinold/bw_hybrid/) | BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised" License |
| Chris Mutel | [PSI](https://www.psi.ch/en) | [`brightway2`](https://github.com/brightway-lca/brightway2/blob/master/notebooks/2015%20LCA%20Seminar%20-%20Class%204%20-%20Hybrid%20LCA.ipynb) | BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised" License |
| Maxime Agez | [CIRAIG](https://ciraig.org/) | [`pylcaio`](https://github.com/OASES-project/pylcaio) | GNU General Public License v2.0 |

Commit message:

completed draft of the setup notebook

tutorials/hybridization/readme.md, after:

# Hybrid Life-Cycle Assessment

## Data Structure

Data is stored on disk in `pickle` format to enable the quick import into functions and methods. The primary directory for dissemination of files is at:

`/srv/data/autumn_school/hybridization`

A script for loading these files to the respective user directory is included with the tutorial notebooks.

## Setup

❓set [`BRIGHTWAY2_DIR`](https://2.docs.brightway.dev/faq.html#setting-brightway2-dir-in-a-virtual-environment)?

### 0.0.1 known error messages

🌐 compare issues with the __bug__ label in the [`bw_hybrid` repository](https://github.com/michaelweinold/bw_hybrid/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Abug)

## Authors

Michael Weinold \
Chris Mutel

## License

The tutorials are based, in part, on existing notebooks:

| author | affiliation | repository | license |
| ------ | ----------- | -------- | ------- |
| Michael Weinold | [PSI](https://www.psi.ch/en) | [`bw_hybrid`](https://github.com/michaelweinold/bw_hybrid/) | BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised" License |
| Chris Mutel | [PSI](https://www.psi.ch/en) | [`brightway2`](https://github.com/brightway-lca/brightway2/blob/master/notebooks/2015%20LCA%20Seminar%20-%20Class%204%20-%20Hybrid%20LCA.ipynb) | BSD 3-Clause "New" or "Revised" License |
| Maxime Agez | [CIRAIG](https://ciraig.org/) | [`pylcaio`](https://github.com/OASES-project/pylcaio) | GNU General Public License v2.0 |
